---
id: vision-mission
title: Vision & Mission
sidebar_label: Vision & Mission
---

---

**1. Accessibility**

VALUE’s emission schedule is deliberately designed to span over a long period of time, allowing various staking asset options and pools, thereby reaching more potential users. VALUE is created with a user-centered approach, so the user interface is very intuitive and easy to understand. Detailed instructions are also provided to facilitate understanding and accessibility.

**2. Governance**

VALUE introduces a sleeker and more effective on-chain voting model that uses flexible voting parameters. First of its kind, the governance model allows no-cost votings publicly verifiable by VALUE holders. Additionally, the model gives incentives to VALUE holders with vETH and vUSD to cover gas costs. Through this governance model, the platform will continue to evolve with the community and for the community.

**3. Profitability**

VALUE will utilize flexible and optimized vault strategies that support small caps tokens/coins. Vault strategies developed by the team will always be delivered without any fees, leaving it to VALUE holders to decide on appropriate parameters.

Besides the value vaults, Value DeFi will provide an optimized aggregator that ensures the best price/liquidity for trading VALUE. All profits generated by the aggregator will be distributed to VALUE Holders.

**4. Insurance**

An insurance treasury, which is supported by contributions from the Value DeFi Protocol team and community funds, will integrate an insurance protocol into the platform to further mitigate risks on behalf of all VALUE stakeholders.
